README.md, before:

GameFAQs User Info Link in Header
=================================
Adds a link to your "Board User Info" in the user navigation menu at the top of the site.

Use with one of the following browser extensions:

### Mozilla Firefox ###
*	[Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)
*	[Scriptish](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/scriptish/)

### Google Chrome ###
*	[Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo)
*	Convert script to Google Chrome extension:

	>1. Save the script (the `*.user.js` file) to your computer.
	>2. In Chrome, go to _Tools > Extensions_.
	>3. Drag/drop the user script file onto the _Extensions_ page.

Release Notes
=============

Version 1.1
-----------
_Released 2013-06-09_

*	Updated to work with v13. From this point on, no site styles prior to v13 will be supported. This includes Throwback Mode.

Version 1.0
-----------
_Released 2012-03-29_

*	Initial release

#### Full changelog available at http://otacon120.com ####

Commit message:

Only show link when logged in
As suggested by Betelgeuse (thanks!), script now only shows link if you
are currently logged in</li>

README.md, after:

GameFAQs User Info Link in Header
=================================
Adds a link to your "Board User Info" in the user navigation menu at the top of the site.

Use with one of the following browser extensions:

### Mozilla Firefox ###
*	[Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)
*	[Scriptish](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/scriptish/)

### Google Chrome ###
*	[Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo)
*	Convert script to Google Chrome extension (scripts installed this way will receive no support from me):

	>1. Save the script (the `*.user.js` file) to your computer.
	>2. In Chrome, go to _Tools > Extensions_.
	>3. Drag/drop the user script file onto the _Extensions_ page.

Release Notes
=============

Version 1.1.1
-------------
_Released 2014-05-08_
*	As suggested by [Betelgeuse](http://www.gamefaqs.com/users/Betelgeuse) (thanks!), script now only shows link if you are currently logged in

Version 1.1
-----------
_Released 2013-06-09_

*	Updated to work with v13. From this point on, no site styles prior to v13 will be supported. This includes Throwback Mode.

Version 1.0
-----------
_Released 2012-03-29_

*	Initial release

#### Full changelog available at http://otacon120.com ####
